Good evening Mr. Carlos Salgado and
good evening
Valentina, how are you?
Good evening and no, okay, Valentina, well,
join us for this interview because
Valentina, in the media, has been
leading me a bit on the subject, no, yes, it's been like this
since December, yes, since December of
last year, when we met with Carlos and I
'm basically leading in her case in the
media, trying to move as much as possible
among YouTubers and among the
media, so that it's as much and as much as
possible to be able to achieve our
objectives in the most optimal way,
obviously. Well, here we're going to
try to put people in context a little
so that they know what happened,
apart from the intro that I just did, we're
going to try to make people
understand a little bit how this started.
At first, you had a good relationship
with the girl's mother, not a
normal marriage without problems, I don't
understand. Well, it wasn't especially
good, but no, there were no problems, let's say
the problems began from the
birth of Carolina, precisely because of
these types of problems and a lot of
questions. Yes, well, in general, she
wanted to do things her way, I mean, they
had to be done her way.  She said and that's it
and there was no way to argue and
well she comes from the
Soviet Union, I mean not even from Russia
as she told me at one point but from
a much more backward area and let's
say she had a series of
superstitions, I mean there were other
customs but like non-scientific things let's
say not superstitions like for
example I don't know what that I couldn't take
pictures of my daughter because I said yes well she
sends them if someone is going to see them and they're going to be
jealous I don't know things like that
I was a little shocked and it was
a pregnancy now yes yes yes yes yes
how comfortable she was as a mother with
the girl no or yes as a mother she is a good
mother I mean she has always treated her well she takes
care of her she takes care of her a lot I think that on the
contrary she overprotects her excessively
if she is not too close to her not in that
aspect at least we know that she is well well I
want to think that my daughter at
least physically is well that she will be
well cared for well fed
psychologically it's another story and
when the time comes for a divorce without going into too
much personal issues of the
couple what happens to her how
the divorce turns out the  I announce to the girl
the divorce is very bad at the moment
yes very bad because the problem was
really that where
she came from her living
a patriarchal society in quotes
where the man has to go out to
work and the mother has to take care of herself
with the children taking care of those who no longer
assume at any time that I also had to
go out to work I
am now I'm afraid not
and well that before the divorce let's say
now part of the problems or rather
throughout the marriage she refused
to work but she always said that she had to
take care of the girl it was always her
way of culture her way yes yes yes but
surely it came from her culture not
when you see when you see that she gets
divorced and if she has to
go live with the line there is no
problem well it's not that she has to go
to Burma she already assumed that if it
was the divorce she was going to stay with
Carolina I mean she told me no I when
the relationship wasn't working because in
fact it hadn't been working for a long time
and I didn't dare to get a divorce because I
saw that she was a
conflictive person who could cause a problem
she always told me well I'm going to
go with Carolina and  you give me money like that
well it's not that I would have your visits there wouldn't be a
problem either yes of course but
she didn't want to get a divorce let's say
legally but to say well I'll
leave her to you when I want things like that or rather
not that it was regulated but well it's
not regulated Carlos but that there is
a good vibe let's say to put it
in some vulgar way
I know people who maybe don't
have it regulated but well there's no
kind of problem because today you feel like
taking her aside and you take her hey you
care what week but of course no no no no no not at all I mean I
knew that there was going to
be some problem in any case
in fact look the problem happens
that when they go long before the divorce, that
is to say when I file for
divorce she already takes it very badly despite the fact that we
had talked about it
and of course she according to the argument already
takes it badly because she told me that I had
done it behind her back I was going to see if we
had tried I had
tried before to go with a mediator I
had made an appointment with a mediator
so that we could go there and I could
present the problems to her because of course I do
n't  she didn't listen to me directly but she
refused to go to the mediator she didn't want to go
to the mediator and if I don't have to go
tell anyone about the problems
before the divorce petition arrives she
had problems so that she would leave the line we did
n't live together at this moment we wouldn't
tell her the petition lives with you and
then from there on it was disastrous no yes well
the reaction was already bad and
equally I
mean she left the house it wasn't
as easy as that no no no it wasn't like that I mean
I was living in the same well
the same house each one in a
room and Carolina slept with her
because that's what she had determined
and when I filed the
stock exchange petition on her it wasn't for each one if it was to live in
a place at that moment I filed the
divorce petition but I have no
problem continuing to live in the same
place because in fact nothing had changed I mean we
no longer had any
relationship it was totally broken
but what she does is first she
takes it very badly she starts to threaten me she
starts telling me that it's going to be bad that
you're going to have to return to Argentina and
well
and I'm going to do everything
Carlos like what type  of threats well she
threatened me she said it's going to go so
badly that you're going to have to return to
Argentina if I have the audio of
what she told me I have it recorded and
well I have to warn the people who
are watching this interview that I have
that specific audio no but I do have
all kinds of evidence
we're going to work on it before recording
fact of sentencing custody the
Interpol order and all this type of things that I have
reviewed it's all proven
okay and the moment she leaves the
house there comes a time when she
leaves the house well of course look
how strange I don't tell her to leave the
apartment she lived there she was there with
my daughter and everything she decides to leave on her
own
and decides to leave on her own and she takes
Carolina logically and she takes all the
things
because the rental apartment you don't have to
leave here
at some point because the couple is
broken up in the end inevitable that well
but we could wait for the divorce and each
one on their own decided one day without
me expecting it she took all the
things and left the apartment and she took my
daughter and left and then the rest
one day arrives  to your house and no one is there
well coincidentally it was a weekend when I had gone out
to work and I
came back early and she wasn't expecting me and I
find her there with the movers
taking all her things
I was shocked I said where are you
going they tell me he's going here because he ca
n't be with you and Carolina I
said okay it's okay a friend says to me no no I
know she's okay but where is she they say do
n't worry she's okay you'll go
see her but she's my daughter I want to know
where she is nothing she didn't tell me and the
guy who was with her came the
movers he was some kind of
thug and well I can't do anything to
Jaime
and from then on
well from then on and until the
provisional trial there was only
one time this already came from him
but this I'm talking about from the year 2010 2014 it
would be you know 2000 final 1 2013 I mean that's when I
stopped seeing my daughter until we
went out and I asked her listen to me when am I going to
take her now or when was she with her
yes yes the  custody that is not directly
no of course not and also as it was not
regulated because of course
we are still married, meaning there was no
regular visitation or of
course we had to wait until
the trial, I hardly saw my daughter, I would
go see her at school when I went out to the
playground and the girl was a little scared,
Carolina, already as a child I saw that there were
conflicts between between between her mother and
I, since the beginning, I already knew it since she was
little and when she disappeared,
well this happened much later, I mean
after this, I'm talking to you about where 2013
October 2013, let's
see, in that sense, he was
calm because he knew that he could no longer
go anywhere, I mean, if he didn't have
money he had no way to leave,
look what a coincidence that when
in those months that pass from when I
filed the lawsuit until the
day of the trial arrives, which is 14 months and 25,
she has formed a couple
and the couple that has been formed, or coincidence,
is the court administrator who
assigns the public defenders,
meaning that he knows him in court, he is going to
ask for a public defender  and the law the
law the law in two ways I'm
not saying it that's why no no no no I'm not saying it that's why I say
that she was already going straight
to what she was going to that I
met this guy and immediately
went with him
well no I don't think so because she was
in love with him but simply because
look because I live here I live in his house
and the guy works and before I lived off one
and now I live off another and well
we are interested in living in the racing and
the game arrives of course arrives arrives at the trial
then not before he leaves and what and
what is remembered in that trial well
think that this happened two months before
two people two years before the
kidnapping or in other words a lot of time passed well
nothing in that trial once again she
tries to accuse me of a lot of
things and everything goes wrong because I
had proof that everything
she said was a lie and
all that evidence was presented in court
and well she accused me for example of
having an erotic line
while the girl was not
involved but she accused me of
having an erotic line and that I
worked speaking for the inr/ops and I fell it
was a lie  line did she have it
if her name was on the erotic line
of course it's not the job not
everyone has jobs that can supposedly
by direct and something else you liked
something else blog no
no in general of that
well of topics of other things that no that are
not relevant you know so much that it's not that
in the end the judge doesn't give
a damn no here he was
going to see who
my daughter was going to stay with not the things
personal issues that had nothing to do with it is not
foreign to put the least bit of
education in the care of my daughter
and then that stayed in that trial
well in the end in this trial it stayed
that provisional ones were dictated
with which I had a
visitation regime they gave her custody
temporarily because Carolina was
little she was four years old or 55
and a date was set for the
final trial but as things went so badly for her
in that one she tried to negotiate
from there or rather he changed
his attitude a lot for the next trial for
the final one it went very badly for him what does it
mean what she was not convinced by
the regime that I put you because the
regime  What would I put you? I imagine it would be
more or less normal, it's not a plan
for everyone, of course, but no, she wanted it, she
wanted full custody and she
wanted me to have one or two days a
week, plus the
pension, of course, obviously, and what she was
most interested in was the
pension
and what she tried to negotiate. Well,
from there, since it hadn't
gone very well, they
tried above all to say that she wanted to
have custody at any price and
my lawyer convinced me too, to
say here what matters most is not
custody but parental authority, you say, and
parental authority is not more important
because it is what governs, above all, the
rights of the children. If she wants to move her
city, she wants to change
apartments, she wants to change schools, she
has to have an operation for whatever reason, she will
need your consent and
custody is the daily care of the child, it is
not that important and it is true that it is like that, is that
true what the lawyer told me?
No, then she tells me why don't we
give her custody and in exchange
we ask for a visitation schedule of
half the time each, which was what
I wanted, I wanted  spend time with my
daughter and I didn't care about the child support if I
had to give her money no, I didn't
care in fact because the agreement that was
reached in the end the only discussion was whether it
would be 150 or 180 euros you tell me
what this doesn't matter to me and in
fact the prosecutor said that since it was
half the time each one was going to be serious
the minimum was going to be twenty euros that I was going to
be half the time with my
dogs normally when it's half there's no there's no
child support involved
because it's like each one has their part they
have half normally there's no
pressure and at what moments at what moment things get
so complicated that's what
she decides about certain types of
very serious things well this think this we
're talking about at the end of 2013
beginning of 2014
from then on the relationship was always
bad is what I'm saying the relationship was always bad
but it's also true that she
did it in a more subtle way she
started to take days off from me but in a
subtle way or rather acting good saying
look on Wednesday Carolina is going to play
tennis on Wednesday it was
my turn she doesn't
tell me  because it's better if I don't take her today, she's
coming home later so she does
n't catch a cold because she's coming after the
tennis game and it's better if I take care of her today
and well, you know, like a person who's
always fighting, always
arguing, I avoided conflicts, I
tried to avoid them
or for example, she told me that on
Saturday mornings she was giving
Russian lessons to Carolina, so I told them, the
end is your turn, let me
pick them up on Friday from school, I'll
take her home and I'll bring her to you on Saturday at
noon, it's
also true that I wasn't doing badly, she
left on Friday, she can't go
get alcohol either, I had to send
a babysitter, so well, look,
before sending one, I change them, they go to the mother, of
course, I mean, you can't, I mean, she's
trying to take days off from me and well, I
was accepting it so as not to argue with her
but this, of course, over the course of
two years, it
happens that of course, of the half-
time we each had according to the
agreement, now I only have Tuesdays
during the week and one Saturday out of every two
and a lot of money has been changing, all
this, no,
what happened, well
[Applause]
and I think that's what
sparked the bomb was the
visit to my sister from Argentina
and that she had to leave
Carolina with me because it was on Tuesday, and
although according to the agreement it was her turn according to
our tacit agreement it was my turn and
she didn't want to leave her with me that day on
Tuesday she said no that she wasn't going to
leave her with me because Carolina was afraid of
my sister it's a lie or rather
she was feeding herself to a grave so as not to
leave me the
total so that well then I tell her if she doesn't
give me through on Tuesday we are going to fulfill
the agreement strictly
just as everything that the agreement says
and that's how it was that she didn't bring her to me on
Tuesday because you're never going to bend again she
never says okay okay okay no she
no she goes to the last extremes
and on Wednesday there's a problem at
school when I go to pick up my
daughter who belongs to me well there's a
very serious problem because she
takes her by force and an argument is
the police come well
the police also come called by you
Carlos it's not that the police come because they
saw an incident and approached us not us
yourself  you call the police to
stop the situation and be able to
handle it in the best possible way without
subjective interference from each one
if in fact I knew there was going to be a
problem I didn't know beforehand I'm going to get
ready for school explain to the school that there's
going to be a problem I tell the
teacher I explain in the sentence I tell her that it's my
responsibility I show her
the agreement the teacher tells me yes I'm right
so when I arrive and I find
her and her partner at the
school door she says to me and what are you doing and I say I'm
coming to pick up Carolina sometimes no no
today it's not your turn of mine yes it's my turn
according to the agreement she says I'm
going to take her I don't read no call me the police if you want I say okay then call the police what do you want me to do well I called the police and the police the police station is 100 meters away it took them 20 minutes to come of course in those 20 minutes my daughter at
school she follows her by force
because she took her from the teacher's arm she
put her in her
partner's car  they tried to leave I
stood in front of the car so they wouldn't
leave I was with a friend who stood
behind the car until the police arrived
and when the police arrived surprise they didn't
intervene putting all the paperwork
that would prove that it was your day
if I show them the agreement to be clear
what the police should do
in this case is act according
to the law what is
legally mandated because of course I show them the
agreement I tell them that it's my responsibility they agree with me they
tell me it's
true
and they go and tell the mother that she has to
hand over my daughter that she has to
give her to me and the mother flatly refuses in
other words disobeying the police saying I'm not
going to hand over my daughter
and nothing and she got into the mood I told you
never to twist my arm meaning if you do
n't force her there's no way she'll
obey
and nothing and they insisted she said no
and they insisted and she said no and at
one point the police come and tell me she does
n't want to hand her over so I can
call you for them we ca
n't we can't do anything
I say like I do
n't know if yes but that this isn't it, this is
a breach of visitation rights, they
tell him that I was shocked and that I do
n't know what they're talking about, that the complaint, no, that that was already there, they
explain to me that this is
no longer criminal, that I'm in this, they can't
intervene, that this is a civil matter, that I have to
go to court, file a lawsuit,
find a lawyer, a solicitor and
file a lawsuit for breach of court. I
say but if they're here present, no, no, no, but it's that we ca
n't act, I'm
telling you, no, I don't know to what extent
they couldn't act because at that
moment my ex was committing
contempt of authority, meaning that he could
intervene for another reason, but well,
anyway, I didn't think at
that moment, I say let's see what I do, I hire
a lawyer, I
go to court, I file a lawsuit, the judge will rule in my favor
and my ex is not going to be the
same, I mean, nothing is going to change, of course, of
course, in fact, it happened like this, I mean, for
months
I looked for a public defender, the
lawsuit was filed for breach of court, the judge
told me that he had to hand over the girl to me
and he doesn't hand her over and nobody does anything,
this is what  desperate you know, so
a person who disobeys, who
systematically fails to comply with the visitation regime,
no one pressures them to
obey, yes, according to what they tell me, from what I
've learned during all this time,
it seems that when you accumulate
non-compliance and disobey the judge,
then the judge can intervene,
but be careful, he doesn't intervene because he's violating
the visitation regime, but he
intervenes because you're disobeying the
judge. Here, it's more important to
disobey the judge than not to violate the
visitation regime,
but of course all this takes time, let's
say
the visits, well, they're imposing
sanctions, I imagine, and there comes a
time when if she's disobeying the
law, then she would do it like that,
no, no, but the question is how long
because from the moment she started to
disobey, which was January 2016, until
Carolina kidnapped me in September 2016, she has
failed to comply a thousand times, they have
complied all the time
because because from that day on, she
no longer lets me see Carolina, she doesn't
let me see her, I'm
telling you that it's going to the end, she
never gives in and goes all the way
and what did she do to prevent me from
being with my daughter, she didn't send her to
the school,
make it clear and I go to school and
say now they are not sending my daughter
to school, do something if they told me
no that I had to spend some time for
this to activate the
absenteeism protocol etcetera etcetera it was all
lies and you know why because my ex
had taken advantage and had reported
me because I said that I had abused
the girl that this is reporting to the school,
of course, she reports me to the courts, she
thinks that the player never calls me
to ask me for a statement on anything, I mean,
in reality I wasn't even investigated or even
investigated but she took advantage and I
took a copy of her
complaint, sorry, I took a copy of the
complaint to the school principal
and the school principal who instead
of believing that she is the principal of the
school believes that she is also the judge
because she automatically fires me
from the school because I taught
chess classes at the school, they kick me out of the
school,
hiding behind the excuse that until
this issue is resolved they have  that follow a
protocol if really unfortunately like that
realize that this happens well at the
media level Valentina you know that this is
how it happens, I mean when a person is
reported the presumption of innocence is
not fulfilled, in other words it is first assumed that the person has been
reported, of older people in the case of
a school, well, it may have a problem with me
because maybe they cannot be added
because yes, yes and if not then they cannot
wait because that time that
justice takes to act, they
may have a guilty party now I
imagine that the protocol in that case
will have its logic, I imagine but of course
how you must have felt, what is it that they
accuse you of something like that, the worst thing in
life, no, but there is something worse,
imagine that it is the protocol that they have to
follow and they follow it and here my
presumption of innocence is trampled on and
well, okay, suppose it is like this, eye, eye,
that not even the court had
communicated anything to the school and they
hadn't even called me, they
hadn't even investigated me at all, I mean,
simply because my ex brought it,
yes, but I suppose that is how the
school finds out, so to speak, and  so
then she has to activate the
protocol okay but why then the
principal didn't activate the
truancy protocol immediately when my daughter
started missing school you all
know because you
know because she told the police she
said she didn't activate it because she thought
my ex was protecting my daughter
and so she has to activate the
refusal protocol for everything as we are
saying not to be I don't know what the
protocol is but I imagine two months a
lot not two months hunger of course a lot
after a week they have to call him to
give an explanation of course he is
strong but the young man does not report it of
course there was no trial Carlos me
constant or no no something nothing more I was
acquitted without even knowing
because I also when the
principal went and asked him he said listen let me
see the complaint to see what it says and if I ca
n't give you anything go to be judged
to ask for what they accuse me of something not me
and is there some kind of consequence for
the person who files that complaint but
of course for you it was losing a job not
because you lost your job at school it would
not influence your income and it was already
part of the whole  personal issue the
personal damage that caused you any type of
consequence for her for that act
none
no nation absolute that it is good that it
is free to accuse someone it is free and
more with such a sensitive issue it is not
free force for the person who accuses
because for the accused person there is
no type of compensation later or
way to replace the direct damage, he did not
even apologize to me, I mean he
also treated me like a criminal
you know as if I had done something and
javi I tell you that this later nothing ever happens
and here I intervene with the
knowledge that I have in reality the
Spanish law requires the court to
prosecute ex officio when there are indications of
a false complaint however it is not
indicated in article 456 of the penal code
and it never happens
so it is really very difficult that is
why the complaint of
gender violence there is a 0.01 yes exactly for
that same motivation it is false
I know we know of cases we know of a
case in which when it has been possible the
accused has had to spend
money on the lawyer and even then many
times it was difficult if the majority of
accused who get out of a situation
like that do not have the possibilities of the
tools to do that after
years of  legal battles have neither the
time nor the economy nor the desire because
then all this serves as an excuse to
continue encouraging them to continue reporting,
some of you know completely and well
that next to how that moment comes when they
ask for it from Spain
well from here as it had not
gone well for her
she still has not handed over Carolina and I
continue filing complaints in court
that she will not hand over my daughter and I am
warning the court that they are going to
kidnap my daughter okay up to three
times it
is that I see them coming with her I
always see her coming or has it been done it is
very easy that one never obeys anything never
to anyone therefore where it can go to the
extreme what is the extreme well look at it
because of course the extreme is that at some
point the hand forces it I do not know how far it would
go that has a moment but well
time with time but it would come if
justice is heard also in that the
reprimand for the crimes that she
committed in the process and evidently
that a case like this takes so much hate because
that by the time they love you when they
want to act is that it gives time to the one who has to
leave China
however  when it is the other way around, the
man should be immediately removed from his
home.
Suppose my minor problem is that I
cannot see my daughter for a while,
okay, but I know that in the end justice will come,
but of course there is a problem which is
that she is going to leave the country and I
know it, here I see it coming and I am
warning the court and I say prohibit
my daughter from leaving the country, prohibit her from
leaving, take away her passport, all
I am asking is the court, that is a
very easy paper that is already written
by the judge and a communication to the police,
you are in this girl cannot leave the
country, period, she has three times per scribe,
the same as putting the search and
arrest warrants, it is not, she cannot leave the country,
maybe she wrote that movement, I do not
understand why they did not do it, they did not
do it and what happened that we get to
September when she already has everything
lost in court, she has everything
lost because on top of that, not only have I
done everything wrong but also I have a
lot of witnesses who are going to testify in
my favor that the
school teacher who knows the whole matter is going to come
to testify, for example,
but she no longer shows up and  he doesn't show up
and presented a lawyer comes with a
paper saying that it's all ridiculous that he's
gone to live in Alicante and that he's
gone on vacation to Saint Petersburg and I don't
know a lot of absurd things you know that it did
n't make any sense at all
and I already broke down I God what is it that they've
kidnapped me said Perez that they
kidnapped me after not a word no no
no it's that I already saw it coming I mean I
knew yes I said why didn't they
do anything all this time how is
this family going the good thing about my
family is my sister and my niece who
are in Argentina he does
n't have family in Spain no here I don't have
family that I am I'm alone let's
say I don't have family and what was
needed was a beating like this it's already very hard to bear this
bearing alone it's very hard
this because that's not what his family
is also Carolina nor is it the relatives he
would be in Spain and now they don't have any either
and at what point does he confirm to you that the girl
is in band-aids well this is thanks to they
speak he has the suspicion you don't believe what
the lawyer says but there comes a moment when he
says look  great and she's not
here no well I honestly didn't
expect to acquire instant at first
I expected to go to Russia I
expected Russia because my ex had a
Russian passport and she is physically
Russian, that is to say of Russian ethnicity
and I met her in Russia so I
thought if I would come to Russia just to say
that I was expecting it
yes it's true that I knew that she already had
a sister who lived in Kyrgyzstan and
well a story that she always told me a bit
strange is that my parents were
Russian but she went to live in Kyrgyzstan
because in the Soviet era
the climate was better the salary I don't know what story
but I didn't expect them to be here
ready a policeman discovered it doing
an investigation looking for tracking the
money where the money ends up
we discovered that through the
paypal account it was connected from a
crystal IP and yesterday was when she confirmed to me
that they were there
since wine in the body well like that Russia
was very difficult that it is so it was the end
of the world like that is why we have called
the project like that now Russia in itself is
not useful to you with the law Russia is
complicated but at least Russia has
signed the Hague Convention  of 1980
but I want that being my mother
was not a bet has arisen so the family
the sister and others can arise or if they have
come more to you 6x contact her
what do you do first no if it is not possible to
contact her yes already make a form you
can go see the issue is the following
I always say it very clearly she
as long as she has Carolina in her power she is not going
to negotiate or dialogue or
talk to anyone it
is that she already has what she wants so it is
not possible you cannot
negotiate with her you cannot sit at
a table talk to her it is not possible
she has the power now and if I went
to Kyrgyzstan now and sat at a
table talk to her she would
automatically report me to the
police saying kiss abuse of the child and that's it and
then again
separated and having proven my
innocence here I would have to prove it
there and there perhaps more complicated
imagine there without knowing the language no it is not that no
if it is not possible it is impossible and from
then on you have to make it wet what
happens next
well in the end I am going to look for my daughter
for well they dictate  the
international arrest warrant against my ex
but for a formal requirement that they had
in addition to issuing the order to
communicate it to Interpol Kyrgyzstan they had to
send a request commission to
the player to the Kyrgyz prosecutor's office, that is to
say they had to ask the Kyrgyz prosecutor's office to
want to comply with that
order but that is never done it is not
sent that story
and it will be the bad luck that changes in the
judge and the new judge that comes refuses
to be the request she says that she is not
going to do it that it is not her criteria to
do it
because very well that I asked also I
say what is her criteria then the
criteria is to send me to a
civil procedure that does not exist, that
is to say
as someone who already has what they
want image that one does not want
something for oneself only for oneself in this case it
is not something it is someone which is even
worse not having what you want what
possibility of negotiating there when it
is already in another country where not even at a
legal level anything can be done because they
send you a civil procedure where there is
no well a criminal charge that
can call the mother to want to do
that, that procedure, that talk  that's that
discussion so that we can also agree
to spend time with the girl
so on the one hand legally
nothing can be done and on the other hand the mother
already has absolutely everything she
wants the only thing that is being
offered to her is half of
what she wants obviously it is very
difficult for the
mother to accept any type of dialogue through a civil process
because in reality it did
not cost the mother anything either
that she had a relationship with the line is
good for girls you have to look at these
cases always for the girl who is not
culturally affected that it is later
who believes that she believes that she is the sole
owner of the girl and that's it
she is no longer does not want me to have a
relationship with my daughter she does not give a
damn about my daughter she really does not care about
my daughter and what has she told her or what to
push or the line today she is at
an age where she knows she is not mature but
men know what he has told her well
before before that I wanted to end
the issue the judge that the judge sends me
a procedure to follow that does not exist
because because first there is no
agreement with who they are and second that
even if there was my ex is not going to obey
a civil procedure we have already
tried a thousand times to think here
as if it weren't for the police to go to the house
and take her away by
force, original exactly, which is the
only solution, but of course if they don't send
the warrant to arrest them, they are not
going to arrest her, then it's that there is no, it
's not a sincere nonsense, everything if
then of course sometimes, but where had I to
go, what are they already? What am I going to
do? I'm going to Kyrgyzstan
and I'll try, anyone, father, my attempt
with my international arrest warrant, with
my custody, and with all the
papers in order, I'm going to talk to people
in Kyrgyzstan, with police, with
detectives, with ex-police so that
someone can give me a hand, but nobody
wants to get involved, Aysn,
and I'm telling you, the best offer I have is that they
were going to look for my ex and my daughter, and
the three of us were going to settle down, talk
to whoever wanted to keep my daughter,
although the proposal seemed ridiculous to me, you
know, I mean, let's see, I haven't seen my
daughter, two years ago they want to sit her down
in a place so that she can decide in
five minutes, with her mother in front of her, what she
wants to do to a ten-year-old girl,
we're  you're all crazy what is this
is a proposal ok
then I say no I say I have no
problem sitting down and talking with my ex
and with my daughter and with whoever else it takes I
have no problem but I'm not going to do it
someone crystal
what has to do to have her
send us all to Spain the three of us and
here we can talk about whatever is necessary
no problem but I want to have
certain guarantees that she is going to have to
comply with what is decided and that
my daughter is not going to have the pressure of
having to resolve it in front of her mother and
less in five minutes you know in any
case a child psychologist comes to
study what is happening to
ask her a lot of things and also the
most important thing for me my daughter does not have to
decide I want a dad I want a mom she can have
both she can have her mother and she
can have her father because they have
deprived him of one of the two
and this is the most serious issue here so of
course I am there in
Kyrgyzstan and no there is no way out no no I
have no way out now then I say the only thing
left for me is to try to take my
daughter and leave the country because there is no
Nobody is going to help me here and that's what I
did knowing that I could run into
a problem I knew it beforehand
perfect I was desperate already
desperate but all this has
the chance to make things worse
of course I've been there for two months there are two
months left that I also wasn't working in
Spain I had run out of money and I
was already on my
last legs as I say well I take a chance trying to get my daughter out of here and well and when we tried to leave they stopped us at the border and mind you I had all the papers in order but there was one issue missing from Kyrgyzstan it was an exit visa this is something they give you in Kyrgyzstan to control the
time you spend in the country not
when you enter they put a stamp in your
passport and when you leave you have to
have
my daughter's passport in a copy it
was not the original
obviously a copy a
forgery or design with the embassy
sorry it wasn't a copy in a duplicate
yes then as we don't have that
entry stamp well they start
asking and when Carolina entered the
country and what happened and well and there
I have to tell everything and when I
tell everything she became the criminal
as well  that they were trying to
kidnap my daughter when in reality
what they were trying to do was bring her
back to her country but really Carlos it
wouldn't be illegal to have done that because
her Interpol order has parental authority it would
n't be illegal it would be
shared custody of one not
even and also
not only if she had it would it be illegal
if she had it totally only of
course and because without only the kings
now I feel really different you
can take the line just like
me
in any case Christanval to your you
know no and also it is to have we must take
into account that she wants to be in this case
if it is true that it was totally casual
but it was a coincidence that
Kyrgyzstan is a tax haven for
international kidnappings I mean it
is one of the few countries where the
international Hague Convention against
international child abduction does not apply
so where can you take a child that you do
n't want to see one of their
parents well they want to be it is a perfect
place Valentin explains to them so you don't mind
a little he has summarized it possible
what the agreement is about yes well the
agreement is an agreement precisely that
signed by different countries how can
the agreement be  of Istanbul is
quietly that goes against
violence against women and
domestic violence the
Istanbul Convention is a convention is very but it
means the international
Hague Convention against
international child abduction and its intention
is to protect the rights of
children of childhood creating
since a child can enjoy both
parents as long as there is not
obviously that the child is in
danger in any way and
something in between that prevents it but this
convention should protect minors
so that wherever they are and if they are wherever they are
taken they can be protected
under the law of all these countries in a
joint agreement where where there is
collaboration between one country and another so that
the child can return to their home
and let's go spend the customs Carlos what
did they do to you
well I tell you at first I
played dumb I said I want to get out
of here I am Spanish my daughter is
Spanish also notice that
before arriving there I convinced
Carolina I was working with her I
explained the whole issue to her and she behaved
super because she is also a girl who
is very obedient  She pays a lot of attention to me
too. I told her, look, of course, it's better not to
speak Russian. She speaks Russian
perfectly. It's better not to speak Russian.
Let me speak because we're going to
pretend we're Spanish. We want to
get out of here. Carolina already
agreed to leave with me. Let's be
clear that we haven't said that you had to
find out where she writes to you to find out
where the line moved and what you
did for the visits to see you with
her was to put her in Katy's class. It
wasn't, I don't know exactly if there you
take her even to customs. We went to an
apartment where I explained everything to her
because of course she was very nervous. I
explained everything and everything that had happened. I
showed her all the papers. I showed her
the interviews that they had done with me. He
showed her a lot of things. Look, he
's desperate to see you, he was crazy to see
you, he wanted to see you. Yes, and your mommy
has gotten into trouble because your mommy has
done more things. The only thing I want
is for you to have parents and mothers. I tell her.
And here it can't be. Then we have to
go back to Spain. When we go back to Spain,
come in, mommy and you'll have your  dad and your mom
that was my goal so I want it to be
clear that at no time do I want to
separate my daughter from her mother
the options that you have to start from
only the options no for nothing he will not
come to do it because also I can I
can get along very badly with Carolina's mother
but it is that she is Carolina's mother
or to say what I got along very
badly with Caroni's mother is another
separate issue that has nothing to do very
well said Carolina has the right to her
father her mother and to customs when she
takes you
well of course when I arrived there when
when I started to try to get her out of the
country and they started to ask me and when
the girl entered and of course what I was going to do there
came a time when I have to tell the
truth I have to say that my daughter
was there because my
ex-wife had taken her but that it was illegal that I had
custody that in addition my ex had
a search and arrest warrant and nothing and they
start they grab the girl and they start
interrogating her in Russian and Carolina at
first doesn't answer anything she even
speaks to me in Spanish but they
had told me that she couldn't speak and of course
the  They put so much pressure on a ten
year old girl that she breaks down and ends up telling the truth
because of that situation. So the one who
breaks down tells everything and at that
moment they arrest me, they send me to a
cell, they take me to the police, they take me
to Bishkek, they lock me up in a
cell, they threaten me with death. Well,
the situation is terrible. I don't go to see
my daughter anymore, from then on I don't see
my daughter anymore. I
know that I saw my ex at one point when he
had come there to look for the girl.
Well, and I finally got the courage. Look, what
you were saying is that it's not legal
because it's not illegal because not only did they
hold me there, they scared me a little and
after they let me go or they took me to the
border and I left, they told me there you can't come back
here, they're listing you
because you're going home
and until now you can't come back.
No, now I could come
back because the embassy has resolved this,
in other words, they had put an
entry ban on me
but the embassy took care of saying, well,
and why, why can't this
man enter Kyrgyzstan?  he hasn't committed
any crime
and they've rendered it void and now he
could get into Cristal again and
well Valentina tell me the plan to
help Carlos well well
the possibilities are short really
so what we had planned with
Carlos well brief story I don't
want to take up too much
of this but well I got in
touch with Carlos because for
four or five years I have dedicated my channel and
my activism to supporting these
unpopular causes I am a little critical of the
issues that arise from
feminism and the people affected
by this how can I bring them closer so from
there I started to get involved with
parents in this situation I learned about
Carlos's case I started following him through
social media and it was in November
2019 that Carlos and I finally
got in touch directly and
Carlos proposed to me to set up this project
so that well he can process his
things at a legal level and I on the other
hand can take care of giving it the greatest
possible diffusion at a media level to be
able to raise funds
together so that well here comes the end
of the project the idea is to be able to travel to
Kyrgyzstan obviously with all the
guarantees that can be had in fact
part of the issue is making a documentary
so that it can be documented from
beginning to end how these processes are what
happens in between how do you
even get to have minimal
contact perhaps with some
legal issue in Kyrgyzstan trying to move something
in Kyrgyzstan since in Spain they certainly
are not showing any interest
in doing anything more than removing a
restriction on Carlos so that he can
enter Kyrgyzstan, that is to say the only thing
they are doing is at least not
allowing obstacles to be put
in the way of a wheel and then from
this on to be able to travel to Kyrgyzstan
to try to move a certain situation
is legal is to feel that they are able to
access the girl
Carlos has designed together with a psychologist
specialized in children a
parent-child plan to be able to present in
Kyrgyzstan so that a
reunion with Carl and with Calorina can be made
gradually that is healthy for her that
is not traumatic
and to be able to document this entire process in
which Carlos  With the mention of the greatest
of hopes, I could get back in
touch with Carolina, not even
obviously at this point it's very
difficult to be able to get her
to return to Spain and
return to her mother with whatever it is,
so what we're trying to do at
this point is what we want to do with
Carlos is that at least Carlos can have
access to be with his daughter, that his
daughter can spend time with her father, that they
can spend a weekend together,
that they can go on vacation to Spain and
perhaps at some point simply be
able to rebuild that relationship between
Carlos and his daughter that has been lost for
years, unfortunately, it would literally mean raising
funds so that you can
travel to Cristal
to move legal issues forward, that's right, and to be able to
document the entire process along the way
that you have in mind,
have you looked at lawyers or some kind of
thing like that?
Well, the embassy has given me a list
of lawyers with some of them, yes, I have
spoken via Skype or Xoom, but until I
'm there, everything is practically
complicated, I need to take all the
documentation there, I
need to deliver everything, have it all passed on to a
Kyrgyz notary for them to certify
that  the translations because I have
everything translated into Russian, the
correct instructions
and well, and meet with the watered-down people
here, logically, and in seconds there is the
possibility of at least
forcing her to comply with a visitation regime. Let's
see, they told me that bringing my daughter
is almost impossible,
but that Distan is a signatory to the
Convention on the Rights of the Child,
no, nothing to do with it, it's another one, this one says that
every child has the right to communicate
with their parents even if they live in different countries,
so we would go there, we would go
through an association that defends
human rights in Asia and another
association for children's rights
to request that my daughter have the right to
communicate with me and of course that
the mother can't sabotage that
communication, which is always what
worries me the most because I know that if it were up to me to
leave it like that, I would do it. I mean,
basically, it's that she is
forced to comply with a visitation regime, it
can't be, but a regime of calls
and from time to time that you go
there and you can be with her, that I can
be with my daughter, that there may be one, you won't be
able to leave the country, surely, but
well, within the circumstances, there are places
where we could go.  that I know and there are many
people
Valentina that you click well have
criticized for the fact that I want to
buy a camera yes what do you think is that well
totally the explanation is very
simple and the curious thing is that at no
time was the possibility even raised that I would keep
the camera and the microphone, it
was not thought of as a
purchase for me but as a purchase for
the project and this is simply because to
record a documentary
simply for the simple reason that in the
end we are left missing 500
euros well we did not buy the camera
and I take the camera that I have but it
would be nice to be able to record a documentary
with two cameras at least a
low budget documentary
obviously and I microphone I do not have the
microphone that I have it
will be this one so it is not useful to record on
the street so it is simply buying
the minimum material that furthermore we do not
think of buying anything high-end at
all buying the minimum and then
I had even thought about the possibility
if the wonderful idea arose that at
some point Carlos could
meet with Carolina at least once
during that trip I would think it would be
nice to be able to give it to her as a gift to
her because she also tells it
Carlos she had a YouTube channel
that well her mother and then she deleted
all the videos that she had but already with
all her enthusiasm she was starting her
little YouTube career and it seems
good to me how good that I can have a
camera and a microphone with this we have to
start yes and then obviously
[Laughter]
well there is also a crowdfunding not
without crowdfunding it is because it is expensive the end
of the world surely javi is
leaving it here right now and well in
that crowdfunding not only
the whole story is told in the most
summarized way possible so that it fits there but
also the expenses are broken down
which would be only the flights to
Kyrgyzstan lodging and food for a
month and a simple camera and microphone that
is all we need everything else
comes down to us obviously and if not it
would be for me that for the camera you
record with the cell phone but obviously the
first thing to travel
and well and it is also true that with this
cob and the project we had
planned for March April of this year and
had to postpone it and now we don't know
when we will carry it out either
know when it will be able to be carried out
obviously I spoke with the embassy and
they told me that at the moment
entry is restricted for Spaniards of course so
what good then from here I ask
all the people who are watching this video
of course to contribute in whatever way it can be
worth surely there are thousands of people
watching this video and to contribute what they
can so that each one puts in a euro
because surely we can or that we will
see if with this interview it may be that
we get to something more expensive
well nothing more and hopefully of course at
some point she can see this interview
and all the interviews and that she knows that
her daddy has never forgotten her and that her
daddy has always been there
fighting for her fighting so that she
can have a father and a mother I wish her all the
luck in the world and that by next year
the restrictions will be lifted and
we have the crowdfunding finished and she
can embrace the people of Palencia I wanted to
add something hopefully
nothing more than my thanks to like
javi who is giving us space and it's
great that you get involved in a cause that
is so important having children you
know what good love for a
child is and what it could  suppose to get to move
away there is nothing to be thankful for
because it totally empathizes with Carlos and we are
going to any father who is watching
this will do it, I already said in the video that
we made that any Libyan father
first to tear off any
limb before that then I know
that people I know that people are going to
help him and I know that people after
seeing it for the worse it is owl thank you
so much to both of you thank you
for telling it and for the push that
this interview will undoubtedly give us I hope
that all of this is neither for me nor for
Valentina this for Caroni we
do it with Carolina that is more than
clear that all the expenses and take advantage of it
to say it once the
goal is reached and that it will be able to doubt we can
do all this obviously all the
expenses are going to be transparent and they will be
able to be seen and we will be justified
so in that sense well well how
good that he says it because I want to
take this opportunity to indicate that hunger in the
description comes there are several videos
related to the subject because we must
inform ourselves more by documenting more just in
case okay there are very bad people have
questioned several things and then it
remains in the description link or  video
where we have clarified everything and where
everything is justified and where there will be no
doubt in case there are still people
who doubt, of course before
here to Carlo and Valentina, well as you
know the document of things more
certain that everything that is said here
is true and I have checked all the
documents I can guarantee that here
everything is very clear okay and the only thing I
wish is that next year we
come back here but now to tell each other that
everything went well tell each other that we reach
something that is the best if we do it
if it is achieved not only will we be able to
tell but we will also be able to
show
today a big hug to both of you and we will
talk soon okay
thank you very much to said thank you and a
hug for you too